Ain't Worth the Paper It's Printed On
Let's say Mr. Bender sees you walking into class five minutes after the final bell. He points at a blank piece of paper and asks you to zinc about what letter you violated. Well, which letter did you violate?
P
R
A
E
1
Tier 9/11
Mr. Bender makes a joke about tossing a mortar shell into the chemistry room. While he gets taken away by homeland security officers, he yells out, the gunpowder in the shell is grounded down by...?
Blender
Pestle
Hammer
Flask
2
The French Chemection
The Statue of Liberty, symbol of freedom in our great country, is green because it reacted with what?
Zinc
Nickel
Copper
It represents money.
3
Bender's Shades of Grey
Mr. Bender wants to demonstrate change and mixes two colors, white and black to make what? Just kidding, that's not your question. Seriously though, what kind of change was it?
Chemical
Physical
Healthcare Reform
Color
2
The Red Bending
You are a servant to King Joffrey and you have to keep his cut apples nice and unbrowned all throughout his wedding. You ask Maester Pycelle for adice, and he gives you four options to rub on the apples. Which one do you use to keep them tasty and unbrowned?
Milk
Lemon Juice
Vinegar
Stark Blood
2
Sorcerer Woman, Stay Away From Me!
The Red Woman wants to create an illusion to make the commoners believe in the Lord of Light, so she takes a giant tube of carbonated water and throws raisins in there. What do they do?
Turn into grapes.
Drop up and down.
Creat alcohol.
Dissolve
2
KU, Knew You Were Trouble!
As I’m sure Taylor Swift can attest to, Breaking Up Is Hard To Do even if she knows how to Shake It Off. What kind of reaction is breaking up, anyway?
Titration
Exothermic
Endothermic
Emotion
3
My Benderconda Don’t Want
The majority of you thought you’d finish your pH’s on time, get three 5’s and get full points on your KU check. You probably procrastinated, and didn’t get a…?
Forever 20
Swift 20
Furious 20
Fast 20
2
SHANKE! SHANKE!
It’s SNAt you, it’s me. What does SNA stand for?
Sulfuric Nehemaiah Anos
Seven-Nine Average Electrons
Shared, Noble, Actual
Stable Nitrogen Atoms
3
B For Bendetta
Your parents are going to beat you if your GPA isn’t good enough. They tell you to give them the most extremely precise answer when they ask, “What is your GPA?” What’s the best answer, assuming you have a 3.5?
4.746
3
4
69.7462
4
No Story Here!
In a redox reaction, the sum of oxidation numbers equals the ___ charge.
Net
Positive
Cellphone
Gross
1
East? I Thought You Said Weast!
Your parents beat you because you decided to be a smartass and give them a technically precise answer. They tell you to give them the most accurate answer when they ask. “What is your GPA?” What’s the best answer, assuming you have a 3.96 and you don’t want them to beat you again?
4.2
4.1
4
3.9
2
Memory of Emory
Emory made fun of Bender for being completely bald. Mr. Bender points out that he has a lot of hair, and there’s only a teeny-tiny bald spot. He calls Emory LAME. What does LAME mean?
Least Accurate Measurement
Last Man on Earth
Lost and A, Moronic Emory
Leaks into Air, Methane Ethane
1
Compensation
Big Happy Frank, easily ionized, has a low ___.
atomic radii
GPA
mass
electronegativity
4
Bending Bad
Mrs. Cybil catches her husband cheating on her. In a rage, she dissolves his body with acid and dissolves the rest into water. What about his molecules make him miscible in water?
Nobody misses him.
They are polar.
They are basic.
They are mainly carbon.
2
We Got Wood
Remember that old fad where people would plank all over the place? No? Well that’s too bad because my next question is what is Planck’s constant?
Constantly failing to get the Krabby Patty formula.
The quantum constant of action.
The electromagnetic wavelength.
The speed of light.
2
Taylor Styles 4ever
In your class, there’s probably a relationship that was/is doomed from the start. A dead-end relationship that can be compared to a terminal lake basin, where water only leaves by…?
Drinking it up.
A tributary.
A river/stream.
Evaporation
4
Donut Know Anything
In Mr. Bender’s interesting story about the bagels and Nehemiah, what were the piles of dropped bagels representing?
A healthy breakfast alternative.
Energy
Emmision spectrums
Neon
3
SPACE! SPACE! SPACE!
Albert and Anuj waste an hour arguing over the speed of light versus the speed of dark, but they don’t even know the speed of light. What is it?
4.69 x 10^9
3.00 x 10^8 m/s
6.022 x 10^23
C
2
The Prisoner of BenderisnotKu
A sorcerer of chemistry threatens to kill you with Wingardium Leviosa to take you really high up in the air. Cast a tufa tower spell. In order to do so, you have to say the solution.
CaCO3
Na2CO3
FeCl3
C10H15N
1
Scrabble Players Get Tier 2
Let’s say Mr. Bender sees you packing up before the bell rings or while he’s talking. He points at a blank piece of paper and asks you to zinc about what letter you violated. Well, which letter did you violate?
E
P
A
R
4
Censorship? Jesus Club’s Being Ironic!
Jesus Club decides that the statue of David, made of marble, is too inappropriate. They choose to risk being labeled as terrorists and break into the Galleria dell’Accademia to dissolve it with HCl. What gas do they expect to be released?
Cl
H2O
CH4
CO2
4
Because Sports Suck
Millikan High School decides to try out-nerd Whitney and recreate Robert A. Millikan’s oil drop experiment. What do they try finding?
The weight of your mom.
Earth's gravitational constant.
The charge of an electron.
The viscosity of oil.
3
Say Anything
Daniel asks Sarah to prom with a dozen roses, but she replies, “Ew, that would be gross!” What correct meaning should Daniel interpret it as to spare his own feelings?
42
69
144
A baker's dozen.
3
Atkins Fatkins
You’re gorging on whipped cream, mayo, and jelly like there’s no tomorrow because you’re in cross country, so you can eat whatever you want without getting fat, especially those foods that demonstrate this effect.
Tinder
Tindo
Tyndall
Tinderral
3
Tomato and Peas in the Mirror
The host of WHS live interviews the Jolly Green Giant and asks him how he gets so big. The Giant replies that he only eats this quantity of peas to Keep Up with his standards!
Ounce
C
Mole
Ton
3
Hey, Hey, Goodbye
In the new Chem Honors movie, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stoned, the Sorcerer sings Na, Na, Na, Na, ___.
Never surrender.
Never getting back together.
Never precipitate.
Never soluble.
3
Thanks Bush
The U.S. government is always making up ridiculous laws, like that you can’t stab people for cutting you off in traffic. There’s another much more important law that states the total enthalpy change for a reaction is the sum of all changes. What is it?
Boyle's Law
Javert is the Law.
The Law of the Conservation of Energy
Hess's Law
4
Pissing Off Grace Hu
Science is always coming up with amazing technology to better understand our world. Unfortunately, Whitney is too broke to afford any of that, so what “device” did we use to measure the change of heat in the Heat From Nowhere lab?
Calorimeter
A plot device.
Centrifuge
Bender's Big Base Buret.
1
Sparks Fly When We Kiss
Thanks to the miracle of modern science and the work of Thomas Edison, we never need to use candles, but thanks to Chem Honors, we do. Which lab had us lighting candles to find their energy?
Hot Shots
Parrafin Power
Melting Icebergs
Goblet of Fire
2
Yes! Yes!
Remember when you had to memorize all the capitals in elementary school? I’m sure you forgot all of those, but there is one capital you can’t forget. What does a capital C mean when used as Calories?
1000 calories
5000 joules
8 newtons
1 kilopeso
1
Can’t Ask Mr. Perry For Help
Gas prices are becoming cheaper for the first time in several years. Thanks Obama. What type of energy is the basis for Petroleum, natural gas, and coal?
Sunny Days
Frank Lee
Petro Lee
Delta H
1
AP Lang
Latin is a dead language that hasn’t been used since the Roman times, making it the perfect thing to expect you to know. Petro Lee, or petroleum, is what in Latin?
Black water
Liquid fire
Liquid dinosaur
Rock oil
4
Fergunsow
A snowman holds another hostage with a hairdryer. He says to his hostage, “Give me all your enthalpy!” GET IT? Change? Enthalpy? Anyway, which lab had us combing warm and freezing water to find the equilibrium?
Water has Calories
Heat from Nowhere
Melting Icebergs
Hot Shots
3
Chemistry Yolo
I’m sure by now you’ve memorized Mr. Bender’s motto by heart, MEPB, so let’s make this a bit more interesting. What is the fifth hydrocarbon in the sequence?
Methamphetamine
Hexane
Octane
Pentane
4